Clarify the index field hint for document level monitors (#135)
wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-alerting: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed request execution in Extraction Query Editor [#24](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-alerting/pull/24)
- Fixed duplicated button in Monitors list [#73](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-alerting/pull/73)

> - Fixed misleading index pattern hint in the Create Monitor index field for document level monitors [#8810](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/issues/8810)

Reviewer: **nitpick**: issue was transfered to https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-alerting/issues/136

```suggestion
- Fixed misleading index pattern hint in the Create Monitor index field for document level monitors [#136](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-alerting/issues/136)
```
